(Episode 11)
This is Ms. Choi Seo Rin.
I see.
I inherited the land from my ancestors,
but there was an error on the papers.
Hello, I'm Choi Seo Rin.
You probably didn't know my name.
Hello, I am Moon Soo Ho, the CEO.
Nice to meet you.
That's a nice shirt.
Let's go inside.
We wanted to see you because...
I heard about it.
And I understood what you mean.
I completely agree with what you said.
I'll do as you want me to.
Thank you.
I didn't expect you to give me...
a positive answer right away.
Instead,
I have a condition.
Fire away.
I'll tell you if you say you will do it.
I'll have to hear it first.
It's nothing unreasonable.
It has something to do with your business too.
Tell me.
It's...
I'm sorry.
I recently caught a cold.
Black herbal tea. You, citrus tea.
- Okay. - Black herbal tea.
Bring some heat packs.
(A Tour Around My Neighborhood)
I'm going to Mr. Moon's office.
Bye.
I feel much better.
Thank you.
You can finish that and tell me when you're ready.
Will you let me live in your guest house...
for a month?
I live in a room in Sharon Tailor,
but we have to undergo some construction.
It's an old house, so there is a draft as well.
It seems to be defective in many ways.
That's an unexpected condition.
It suits the purpose of the guesthouse though.
I need to ask the other guests' opinions first.
I already know there are...
a lot of rooms and bathrooms there.
And it's your company guest house.
So you're the one who decides, aren't you?
Any other conditions?
It was so cold,
so I couldn't think of anything else.
Let me know after you talk to your guests.
I'll be waiting.
Okay.
I'd appreciate your prompt reply.
I'm really cold right now.
How about I...
book a suite in a premium hotel for a month?
Only if you want it.
I don't.
I asked you because I liked your project.
Forget it then.
Old buildings are so inconvenient.
It'd be better to demolish them...
and build a studio apartment.
Let's say this talk never happened.
What brings you here?
My travel agency is doing a collaborative project.
With Mr. Moon's company?
Yes.
Why are you here?
I came here for business as well.
What kind of project is it?
It's about connecting regenerative...
city with storytelling and tourism.
You're showing off.
What do you mean?
Good luck.
By the way,
that wardrobe project fell through.
So you can relax now.
Good. It was an annoying project.
This is the list of the owners.
All right.
They won't sign.
They said they'd never sign.
We can't do anything about it.
Hello.
Hi.
I brought the tour package pamphlets,
and some books about neighborhoods in Seoul.
Is there something going on?
Hi, Mr. Moon.
Ms. Jung. You're here.
It's good to see you at work.
Please sit down.
I just heard.
- Hear what? - About Sharon Tailor.
You need her help for your business.
You have extra rooms. Tell her to move in.
You and your aunt will be uncomfortable.
No, we won't.
But I will be.
It's only for a month.
Our old neighborhood is at stake.
Letting her move in isn't a problem.
I'll clean the rooms after work.
But I will choose her room myself.
It'll be the farthest room from yours.
And it'll be much smaller than mine.
You can give her the tiny, corner room.
Hae Ra, you don't have to do this.
If you want something from someone,
you need to do something big for their sake.
You told me that.
I was kidding about the corner room.
I'll pick a decent one for her.
Didn't you agree with redeveloping the city?
I did.
But now, I have the same opinion as you.
Since I was little...
Since you were little...
you were always right.
I'll get going now.
Don't worry. I took care of it.
It was nothing.
Take care.
Bye.
Can you fix this?
What's going on?
Let's work hard, Chan Ki.
They made hearts...
Why can she live there,
but not me?
This blouse you made for Hae Ra a while ago...
She hasn't been here to pick it up.
It'd look gorgeous on her.
Were you working outside?
Gon.
Hey, why did you order so many?
I thought maybe you didn't have time to eat lunch.
You know, I never forget to take a lunch break.
You don't know me so well.
Actually...
I came here because of this.
When Geumseong-dong is redeveloped,
and a new studio apartment is built,
my dad will give you a commercial unit.
Will he actually keep his promise?
I signed it too.
Your aunt also signed it already.
Did she?
When it's redeveloped,
you'll get a unit for sure.
You just need to sign it and return it to me.
I'll think about it.
What's there to think about?
I don't agree with the redevelopment.
It's better to preserve the neighborhood.
Well...
It's nice to preserve the neighborhood, but...
you won't get a store.
Did your dad make you do this?
No.
I came here because of you.
Why?
My family...
owes you.
When your dad passed away and it was all chaotic,
my dad bought your family's land cheap.
It's probably because my mom needed money then.
Let's eat. I have to go back to work.
Even if you don't sign this,
hold on to it.
And tell me...
if you're uncomfortable staying at his house.
Don't worry. Just take care of Young Mi.
Don't be a fool, just because you're in love.
I don't like you living in his house.
It's okay. You don't owe me anything.
You were my first love.
I know yours was Soo Ho.
Don't get me wrong.
Young Mi and I are doing great together.
Okay. Be good to her.
I will.
Bye.
How dare you ask me to come here?
You didn't have to, so why did you?
Are you mad at me for getting the bathhouse?
You pretend...
to play by the rules,
but you actually play dirty like dogs.
Where did you bury Hae Ra's dad?
I know you arranged his burial.
I buried him in his family's grave site...
in the mountains that's as small as my palm.
Who registered his death?
Hae Ra's mom did.
How did he pass away?
Why are you asking me that?
You must know that better than I do.
Me?
I'm not someone you can play with.
The more you try to hold out,
you'll not only lose the bathhouse.
What more will you take away from me?
My father, the bathhouse, and what else?
I didn't take him away from you.
It was an unfortunate accident.
Maybe you're destined...
to lose all the people you love.
Tell Hae Ra to be careful.
I won't stay still if you do any harm to her.
That's cool of you.
I'm done with my question. Thank you for coming.
Rude punk.
Maybe you're destined...
to lose all the people you love.
I'd like to recommend...
these two necklaces for a gift.
It's our new product. What do you think?
I'll take this one.
I have an old silver ring.
Can you melt it with gold and make couple rings?
That's possible. Bring it to us.
She's weird,
so why does she own so many lands?
I shouldn't clean it so hard.
This should be enough.
Are you home, Hae Ra?
I'm here.
- What are you doing? - I can let Sharon...
use this room, right?
You don't have to clean. Come out.
- Let's have dinner. - All right.
We might be having dinner with two more people soon.
I haven't called her yet.
I won't if you say no.
Why would I say no? It's only for a month.
Let her in.
I've lived like weeds until now.
I'm good at adapting and flattering.
She's weird,
but I'll be good to her.
I have to keep my private and public life separate.
You've grown well.
You too.
It might burn.
It looks good.
- Did you sprinkle salt? - Yes.
Hae Ra didn't sign?
She's against the redevelopment.
I'll try to persuade her.
Gosh, she must be crazy.
She refused money?
I can't understand.
Once she gets married with Soo Ho,
she'll have his fortunes.
She isn't that calculating.
How do you know what's in people's minds?
It could be included in her love.
Is Hae Ra aware?
I'm worried she might be doing this out of guilt.
What do you mean?
Hae Ra's father took Soo Ho in his house...
and let him stay with his teenage daughter...
for a reason.
Why was that?
He needed something.
Doctor Moon's secret documents.
Let's see.
It's delicious.
It's nicely seasoned too.
Because Soo Ho is always right.
I shouldn't have said it. You say it habitually now.
Eat some more rice because I'm always right.
I might gain weight.
Doctor Moon...
died because of Hae Ra's father.
You don't have any fat in your body.
It's all hidden somewhere in my body.
Really? Let me see.
Stop your move.
He discovered a natural preservative element...
that could replace chemical elements.
He discovered it from the peony root extract.
It was research data that could be successful...
in the cosmetics and food processing fields.
Hae Ra's father ran a cosmetics...
materials company.
It supplied materials to a famous cosmetics company.
Hae Ra's father asked him for help...
to open a new business, but he refused to help.
He used it without permission.
Your aunt seems to be busy.
She's sleeping out today.
She has a card battle at a sauna or something.
Then...
is it just the two of us in the house today?
Yes.
What? Are you scared?
Don't worry. I'll protect you.
You don't have to.
What?
Doctor Moon became a betrayer...
to an organization that invested on him.
He suffered so much.
It's different from my memory.
What do you know? You were only a child then.
I remember something vaguely too.
I visited Hae Ra's house...
on her birthday when I was young.
I went to the second floor...
to hide a gift for our treasure hunt game.
Why would you search through my study room?
What are you suspecting?
He gave me this so that I could go over and check...
if it could be commercialized or not.
Don't you remember?
Hae Ra's father was scolding someone...
for searching through his study room.
But...
I can't clearly remember...
whom he was scolding.
So you remember.
Doctor Moon suspected Hae Ra's father...
and went through his study room.
Well...
I think so.
He took Soo Ho in...
out of guilt and to take away...
the original copy of the document from him.
You have no way to prove that.
I'm the witness.
I should ask Hae Ra myself...
if she rejected money and is siding Moon Soo Ho...
because she is feeling guilty.
Doctor Moon died of fire.
Hae Ra's father didn't set the fire.
He was in pain,
had a drink, and fell asleep.
A short circuit caused the fire.
Father.
Don't make up lies.
Don't mix business with your personal feelings.
What do you mean?
You were least successful among the three.
You felt ignored because of your inferior complex.
- It's unreasonable. - Why you little...
Gosh, Father.
Why did you have to do this?
Among us three,
I'm the only one alive.
And I'm the richest.
And I'm going to be richer and richer.
Gon.
I'm not lying.
They got punished...
for ignoring me.
They got punished for ignoring me!
I wonder what Chul Min is doing.
Do you remember the newspaper delivery boy?
The cute boy with big eyes.
Why do you ask that all of a sudden?
I was so lonely and depressed today.
I was reminded of Chul Min who liked me.
You need to eat taffy...
when you're lonely and in pain.
Don't you remember...
that masters had a bit of taffy...
before taking the state examination?
Once you eat something sweet,
your brain comes to its senses.
It's too hard for me...
to be lonely for 200 years.
This should fade away before summer.
I only had two men in my long life.
My dear husband.
Lee Myung So.
Currently known as Moon Soo Ho.
This doesn't work either.
And Chul Min, who liked me.
I can't get this off.
Make me that perfume for me.
The perfume that can bewitch someone's heart.
There's no such thing.
My customer will be here soon.
Go.
I'm sure Chul Min still loves me.
He probably will do anything that I want.
What do you want?
Send Jung Hae Ra far away from Moon Soo Ho.
Go home and have some taffy.
You don't even have a man that you long for.
You're more pathetic.
I'll call you back in a little bit.
Something might pop out from the side.
Are you scared?
No.
I remember how you hated watching a scary movie.
I was the only one who watched it to...
My gosh, that was shocking.
What was that? Is it gone?
I thought you were going to protect me.
Why did you want to watch that movie?
- Hae Ra. - Yes?
What's that?
What?
Stay still.
This is harder than I thought.
Is this your first time doing it?
Yes, it's my first time.
It's my first time getting one too.
Why did you get me this?
Just because. I wanted to give you one.
I'm going to do...
everything I wanted to do that I couldn't.
I don't have anything I can give you.
You staying here with me is a present to me.
I'll do the dishes.
Let's do rock-paper-scissors.
Rock-paper-scissors.
You must be really lucky.
The winner will do the dishes.
I'll go with you.
(Let's make this happen, Ms. Choi.)
What is this?
I'm here to give you a message from Mr. Moon.
You can move into his guest house.
He declined before.
He didn't exactly decline it.
You can let me know when you'd like to move in.
Tell him to come and tell me himself.
He will.
I was only here to give you the flowers.
I'll have to make cute pajamas.
I'm very timid, so I don't usually cause any trouble,
so it was really weird back then.
I even took out a loan to buy that old house.
It was as if I was possessed.
It's very uncanny.
Soo Ho's company ended up buying that house,
then you all started living together.
Soo Ho and Hae Ra's family must be acquainted too.
You're right.
That's the thing about fate.
Do you still make...
the best dried pollack soup?
I'm amazing at it.
I'm better now than when I was an assistant cook.
I'll go over to have some.
Okay.
You were the most beautiful customer...
that our soup place ever had.
I need to pay you back for that compliment.
I'll make you a bottle of perfume.
This is...
something you can wear every day.
I'll add a drop of herb extract.
That smells so good.
It feels like I became an elegant countess.
It's said that ancient Egyptians...
controlled people with scents.
Really?
If not, forget it.
You have a rather big mouth, don't you?
What are you saying?
I've been keeping this secret until now.
But...
when I lie, it shows on my face.
Don't you feel like you're lying on a warm field?
When you smell this,
you will fall asleep in peace.
And...
you will trust whatever I say.
This effect is stronger on a night...
with a full moon.
Forget the fact...
that I sent you to be with Hae Ra.
I wanted to show up on their wedding day,
but it happened a bit sooner.
Okay.
Forget it.
Is that the only thing I have to forget?
I don't have to forget anything else, right?
Like what?
[VIU Ver] E11 Black Knight "That's My Husband"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I don't know everything either.
I don't know why Soo Ho ended up...
living with Hae Ra's family as an orphan.
I just know that...
they were destined to meet again.
Oh, gosh. My goodness.
Did you want to peek while I got changed?
No, I saw the dryer in here,
so I came to drop this off.
I thought you were going to protect me.
Why?
It must be broken. I can't open it.
Really?
I think it'll open when we kiss.
We can't do that, Soo Ho.
I have to protect you.
Right.
We'll have to spend the night in here.
I have to go out early in the morning.
Go to sleep, then.
I'll stand here and sleep.
- Goodness. - What are you doing?
What? I didn't turn it off on purpose.
Where's the switch?
We'll have a guest here for a month,
so let me kiss you just 30 times.
Goodnight.
Why didn't you wake me up?
I dozed off.
I'm going home now.
What do you think about this pajamas?
Pajamas?
You can wear that to an award ceremony.
It's really pretty.
Success.
Why did you make this?
To seduce him.
Seduce who?
Good.
It's a Year of the Dog.
We need to work out like dogs.
Let's go.
You can do it.
Where's Mr. Han?
Is he at a meeting with Mr. Moon?
Mr. Moon went to a city breakfast meeting,
- and Mr. Han... - I see.
And Mr. Han?
He is...
very busy running around.
So it's because of the old man who betrayed you guys.
Choi Seo Rin?
I didn't want them to be suspicious,
so I couldn't ask anymore.
Here.
I wrote down everything I heard.
She owns this much land.
She's very rich.
They're trying to her him over, right?
With this much land,
wouldn't her property go up in price...
with redevelopment?
Of course.
It'll be hard for Soo Ho to persuade him.
Thanks for your work.
It was nothing.
Is there anything you need?
Could you...
drop me off at Haneul Hospital?
It's close by.
Are you sick?
Hey.
The client's name is Yoon Dal Hong, right?
He's the father,
and the son is Yoon Sang Jin.
Yoon Sang Jin is in the hospital, right?
Okay.
What's going on?
(Yoon Sang Jin)
I'm very sorry about what happened.
I'd love to...
put a hold on his membership.
But it's the gym's policy.
Look, young man.
Think about it.
He had a car accident, and he's unconscious in bed.
Of course you should refund the fee...
or put a hold on his membership.
Well, sir...
Here you go.
Rich people are something.
Even when his son is sick in bed,
he's thinking about the membership.
He keeps asking...
to put a hold on his son's gym membership.
He even asked for discount.
It's shocking.
Isn't it?
Rich people are worse.
Yoon Dal Hong is the one who betrayed...
Soo Ho and cancelled the contract.
His son got hurt.
It must've been a coincidence, right?
Since the accident was caused by speeding.
Of course. It must've been a coincidence.
I'm sorry I'm late.
It's okay.
Your employees told me stories.
They were fun.
You must be really busy.
There are a lot of appointments today.
Well...
The two story house...
in Geumseong 2-dong,
and the old building with stationery store...
are also mine.
I own the land as well.
You have property in Geumseong 2-dong too?
Property and time are...
all I have.
I also support...
neighborhood revival project.
Thank you.
Anyway,
Park Chul Min won't be an easy opponent.
How are you going to deal with Chairman Park?
There was a construction company...
that wanted the land...
my dad's lab was built on.
Chairman Park received money...
from the company and set the lab on fire.
I saw him leaving the lab in a hurry.
Your dad could've sold the building...
and moved the lab.
The lab was a historical building.
A lot of people opposed of it being demolished.
They even wrote petitions.
Chairman Park caused a short circuit...
on purpose, and the lab full of chemical exploded.
He must've known there was someone in there.
You lost your dad,
and your mom collapsed from shock.
So I lived with Hae Ra's family.
Are you cold?
No.
Someone just came to mind.
Someone who planted greed in young Chul Min's mind.
The one who told him to become rich...
by any means.
Is it someone you know?
Anyway, I'm...
on your side.
That's peculiar.
I told Chul Min to become rich by any means.
- Because you pitied him? - Yes, and...
you never know,
I might need his help later.
Because he'll never forget me.
You used his innocent heart,
and turned Chul Min into a monster.
Become a rich man, Chul Min,
by any means.
Dad!
Chul Min wanted to prove it to you,
so he sold his conscience.
And because of that...
Soo Ho and Hae Ra met.
The monster you created...
brought them together.
Why isn't he here yet?
Hello.
It's strange seeing you in the afternoon.
I'd like to order a suit.
I'm busy today.
Couldn't you just take my measurements?
Making clothes starts with taking measurements.
Why don't we just have some coffee today?
Seung Goo. Please bring us coffee.
Is...
your name Choi Seo Rin?
I guess you saw that.
I don't like my real name.
Just call me Sharon.
Whose gown is that?
It's pretty.
It's mine.
Would you like to try it on?
It's okay.
You don't look like a bad guy.
I'll make you a suit.
I want to help Hae Ra.
I work with people who want to...
redevelop Geumseong-dong.
My dad promised to give a shop for Hae Ra...
if a shopping mall...
and studio apartments are built.
- Why? - We owe Hae Ra.
That's interesting.
Mr. Moon's business has to fail,
so Hae Ra could have a fortune.
When the neighborhood is redeveloped,
it'll be good for you too.
Does Mr. Moon know about...
the shop promised to Hae Ra?
I don't think so.
Hae Ra is against the redevelopment too.
I decided to help Mr. Moon.
I hope you change your decision.
Come to take measurements two days later.
As the big franchise opened,
3 bakeries closed down, and there's only 1 left.
We need to protect this place.
We're brainstorming on how to protect it.
Is the travel agency presentation tomorrow?
That's right.
We don't have to prepare for the presentation data.
Sir.
Oh, Mr. Han and Chan Ki should join me...
for the Seoul New Deal meeting.
Sir.
What?
It's time to go.
What's this?
It's past 6pm.
Gosh, it's freezing.
Why do you keep leaving the tailoring room open?
You turned off the heater too.
Leave it.
I need to keep this place cold.
Deduct heating bills from my salary.
I'm turning it on.
Don't.
Are you Elsa of "Frozen" or something?
I'm going home.
You aren't going anywhere until you end your work.
Okay, bye
Gosh, it's cold.
Let it go
It's cold.
Hello.
How have you been?
It's a token of our gratitude.
I received the flower basket as well.
The more flowers, the better it is.
It's really cold in here.
When I came last time...
Did you think I lied?
Thank you for your decision once again.
Thank you for letting me stay in your house.
When will you move in?
Today.
I want to go right away. It's freezing here.
You're off from work, right?
Let's go together. Give me a ride.
Oh, I have work left to do.
He'll give you a ride.
Oh, sir.
I'll take care of that matter.
You can go home.
Let's go.
Okay.
Hae Ra, are you home?
Yes.
You're home early.
Where's my room?
It was decided suddenly,
so I couldn't tell you beforehand.
Come this way.
- Goodness. - Gosh.
That's Mr. Moon's room.
Come this way.
It hurts.
I didn't know you were coming today,
so I did nothing yet except for cleaning.
It's okay.
I should be thankful for letting me stay.
I'm sorry. Wait a minute here.
Use the restroom right next to this room.
A shower booth and bathtub are in there.
Give me a cup of water.
I'm thirsty.
I'll tell you where the kitchen is.
Follow me.
She says things like it's her house.
We have meals here.
Well...
There's a toaster over there.
And there's an espresso machine too.
What time do you usually have breakfast?
This isn't a hotel,
so it's not set particularly.
Sometimes, we go to work without having breakfast.
You two are busy,
so maybe I should make breakfast for you.
My aunt often makes breakfast for us.
Where's she?
She's a sauna lover,
so she might be back before midnight.
Please come here.
Stay like this only for today.
I'll get what you need tomorrow.
Thank you.
You made a bed for me too.
Goodnight.
Let's go.
Call me when you need something.
My room is right next to yours.
Goodnight.
I'm sorry for not telling you beforehand.
She wanted to move in right away?
Yes, it was flustering.
That place really was cold.
It wasn't that cold before.
Maybe the heater broke.
It must be uncomfortable for you. I'm sorry.
Don't be.
I'll try my best to flatter her...
so that she stays on our side until the end.
You don't have to. It's my job.
You don't have to flatter her.
Because I like you.
What's wrong?
My heart just skipped a beat. I need to calm down.
Hae Ra, how do I use this?
Just a second.
What are you doing?
You're still awake.
Yes.
I thought you were here for some more tea.
It's all right.
Liar.
Sleep early...
or you might harm your health.
Isn't it uncomfortable in your room?
It's okay.
I'm staying here only for a month.
Goodnight.
Have a sweet dream.
My gosh, who are you?
Good morning, Aunt Sook Hee.
When did you get home?
That's my question to you.
Good morning, Mr. Moon.
Goodness, are we having a feast?
Did you sleep well, Hae Ra?
Have a seat.
There's nothing else I could do, so...
What's with her?
Did we have any seasoned vegetables?
I brought some when I came over.
Come on, sit around.
I have a breakfast meeting.
Goodbye, Ms. Lee.
Hae Ra, I'll call you later.
She'll be staying here for a month.
She's going to help Mr. Moon's business too.
Then are we going to...
eat like this for a month?
Goodness, you are going to burn that kimchi pancake.
My goodness, did you burn yourself?
Gosh, this hurts.
I'll find some medicine and put it on you.
I'm fine. It's not that bad.
Your tattoo is unique.
"A ghost of the nether world"?
Who is? Is she a ghost of the nether world?
It was popular among tattoo shops in Hongdae.
Don't you know?
It's very bold. I like it.
Thank you for breakfast.
Thank you for the food.
It's a feast.
Hello. Good morning.
Good morning.
(Lucky Letter)
What is this?
- Ju Hee. - Yes?
Did you get a lucky letter too?
No.
Did you get a lucky letter?
A lucky letter?
Even young kids send those through a text nowadays.
No one sends a handwritten letter anymore.
Hae Ra.
I didn't send that to you.
Moon Soo Ho is a dangerous man.
Be careful.
To be continued.
From Ji Hoon.
He's insane.
Goodness. I'll have something simple.
I had too much breakfast.
I'm not too hungry.
Is she going to do that every day?
That's too much.
She's important for your business.
Don't be so cold.
She must've been embarrassed today.
I did have an appointment today.
I didn't avoid her on purpose.
Come home tonight and have dinner with us.
She's pretty peculiar,
so she might end up changing her mind.
It's just for a month,
so let's do our best to be nice to her, okay?
Hae Ra, you sound like an adult.
Call me Ms. Jung, then.
Ms. Jung.
What?
Will you marry me?
I love you, Ms. Jung.
Come here.
Are you okay?
You must be surprised.
What are you up to?
Goodness, are you ironing Mr. Moon's shirt?
It's this thing because of my work.
I can't stand any wrinkled clothes.
Aren't you going to work?
I'm the owner and the CEO.
That's up to me.
Aunt Sook Hee.
I'm not your aunt.
Do you want me to make you an outfit?
Why do you...
suddenly want to do that?
What does Mr. Moon like to eat?
He's not that picky. He eats everything.
Where do his parents live?
I heard they passed away when he was young.
Oh, no.
What happened?
His dad was a famous chemist,
and there was a fire at his research lab.
And his mom passed away because of the shock.
That's why Hae Ra's dad...
became a guardian for him.
I remember reading that on a newspaper.
Wasn't the lab old enough to be a cultural asset?
I don't know about that.
I heard they built...
apartments on the site of that lab.
That's the one. I know that building.
It was a school dorm in the late Joseon period.
You say it like you've seen it with your eyes.
He met Hae Ra...
after he became unfortunate.
I feel bad for him. He was so young.
That means he was happy with his parents...
before he met Hae Ra.
I'll help him go back to that time.
How so?
I'm done measuring you.
- What? - I'm going out.
What are you going to make me?
I need a coat.
A coat!
Ms. Choi left that there.
("Hanguk Chemistry Lab Gets Grant from Seoul")
(CEO of Hanguk Chemistry Lab)
("Doctor Moon Joon Seong Holds a Kids' Experiment")
("Doctor Moon's Research on Eco-friendly Products")
("Fun Experiments! Children's Chemistry Lab")
Thanks to Doctor Moon,
I once dreamt of becoming a scientist too.
Do you remember the library...
on the second floor of that lab?
(Black Knight - The Man Who Guards Me)
May I ask you out?
This is bad. I must be sick.
You look adorable to me no matter what you do.
I think I loved you...
since before I was born.
I doubt we're the only two who's like this on earth.
Sharon!
I just wanted to live with my husband.
Get out of there right now.
I saw Jeom Bok.
I'm going to put Chairman Park in prison.
I won't let him destroy our town either.
Gon's dad is a scary man.
Then remember this.
Red bean bread means "I love you."
Cream bread means "Kiss me."
Hae Ra, 100 red bean breads for you.